[BE-3061]: Added badge component docs (#400)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/workflows/common-workflow-steps/build-and-test/add-badge-app-icon.md

---
title: Add a Badge to Your App Icon

> metaTitle: Add a Badge to Your App Icon
> metaDescription: Learn how to add a badge to your app icon with Appcircle's badge component.

Reviewer: `metaTitle` and `metaDescription` are not working for SEO. Use the `description` prop instead

```suggestion
description: Learn how to add a badge to your app icon with Appcircle's badge component.
```

tags: [badge, app icon, version, build, appcircle, mobile ci/cd]

> keywords: [badge, app icon, version, build, appcircle, mobile ci/cd]

Reviewer: Remove the `keywords` line
